# my-profile
KB in an IT world.
My name is Kerri Bremner. I was born on February 16, 1965 so that makes me 54 last week! 
I am a student at RMIT doing a subject called Introduction to Information Technology. The subject identifier number is COSC2196. My student number at RMIT is 3791195, which I have found to be really easy to remember. I need my student number to log into various sections of RMIT like student services and my subject information. I also need my student number to log into the University's email, but i need more detail than just the number to access the email. To start with I need to type a small s. I guess that stands for student. Then without leaving a space I type in my student number 3791195. To complete my email address I need to finish it with @student.rmit.edu.au. I don't need the last period on my email address, but i had to use it to finish the sentence....haha. So altogether my email address is s3791195@student.rmit.edu.au. Then I have to enter a password which I'm not allowed to tell anybody but it's *%$n&^5*. shhhhh, it's secret.
I am a mother of three grown children, all with families of their own. A daughter in Albany, Western Australia, with three children of her own; another daughter in Brisbane, Queensland, with a new baby daughter, and a son in Geelong, Victoria, with a wife and fur babies.
I live with my best friend in the world, and we have two dogs and a very naughty fat cat.
I have a Bachelor of Education (Secondary) Library and Information Studies attained in 1990 through University of Melbourne.
Everyone who knows me, knows I'm absolutely bewitched by yarn, yarn I knit with. I have four spinning wheels and practice at least half and hour a day perfecting my spinning. 
